this is strictly the 60 seconds where we
cram a week's worth of strictly into
just one minute week 11
five couples left and two brand-new
dances to learn three couples dance the
Charleston Chris dancer Bugsy Malone and
founded child's play
ally showed her goofy side and propelled
to the top of the leaderboard and lay
low cause arguments again between the
judges you are absolutely 100% wrong in
the rocker role Ricky struggled to
maintain his fitness pool a nice tender
Nathalie found the dance
well odd very exactly the same song and
despite extra points from the Viennese
Waltz
it was the rock rollers in the dance-off
look away now if you don't want to know
who left
Ricki and naturally
and it was Natalie who's strictly dream
was over with four couples left but five
judges next week make sure you don't
miss it